[Music]
this is something new something fast and
a little trickier
[Music]
but what is it is it food it's a male
tortoise looking for a mate he needs to
catch her attention but female jotters
only mate once if she's mated before she
might kill him he will need to seduce
her with care
waving his arms makes his intentions
clear
he's a friends not food no sign of an
attack yet but she doesn't seem
particularly impressed time to try his
best move the double paddle that shorty
will do the trick
[Music]
one final wave and he's tamed her she
say is still for just long enough
[Music]
and then he retreats quickly before she
has second thoughts
you